Update kubeconfig for SA script. (#46)
kyma-incubator/examples: kubeconfig-for-sa/README.md

> # How to get kubeconfig for the service account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Get a kubeconfig file for your service account
```

> > **Note:** You need [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/#kubectl) (configured with your kubernetes cluster) and [jq](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/) installed to run this example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Prerequisites

To run this example, you need the following tools:

- [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/#kubectl) configured with your Kubernetes cluster
- [jq](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/)

## Steps```

> Create config map and service account that can read the config map in the `test` namespace:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a Config Map and a Service Account that can read the Config Map in the `test` Namespace:
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
```

kubectl create ns test
kubectl apply -f example-sa.yaml -n test

> 

Reviewer: remove the empty line, please

```

> Create kubeconfig for `test-service-account` in `test` namespace:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create a kubeconfig file for `test-service-account` in the `test` Namespace:
```

```
./create-kubeconfig.sh test-service-account test >test-kubeconfig.yaml
```

> Now use it to list and view config maps in the test namespace. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Use the kubeconfig file to list and view the Config Map in the test Namespace. 
```

```
kubectl --kubeconfig test-kubeconfig.yaml get cm -n test test-config-map -oyaml
```

> All other actions should be forbidden. This command to list pods should fail:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE:** All other actions should be forbidden. For example, the following command to list pods should fail:
```

# Get a kubeconfig file for your service account

## Prerequisites

To run this example, you need the following tools:

- [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/#kubectl) configured with your Kubernetes cluster
- [jq](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/)

> ## Steps```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Steps
```

1. Create a Config Map and a Service Account that can read the Config Map in the `test` Namespace:
```bash
kubectl create ns test
kubectl apply -f example-sa.yaml -n test
```

2. Create a kubeconfig file for `test-service-account` in the `test` Namespace:
```
./create-kubeconfig.sh test-service-account test >test-kubeconfig.yaml
```

3. Use the kubeconfig file to list and view the Config Map in the test Namespace. 
```
kubectl --kubeconfig test-kubeconfig.yaml get cm -n test test-config-map -oyaml
```
> **NOTE:** All other actions should be forbidden. For example, the following command to list pods should fail:

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ```
```

> kubectl --kubeconfig test-kubeconfig.yaml get pod -n test

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> kubectl --kubeconfig test-kubeconfig.yaml get pod -n test
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ```
```
